# truck
prefabs/truck.xml : Truck/Bombsquad Truck

# Small Bombs
prefabs/suitcase1.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Suitcase Bomb (Black)
prefabs/suitcase2.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Suitcase Bomb (White)
prefabs/suitcase3.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Suitcase Bomb (Brown)
prefabs/bomb.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Small Timebomb
prefabs/pipebomb.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Pipebomb
prefabs/mini_nitro.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Mini Nitro
prefabs/propane_canister.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Propane Canister
prefabs/crate_small.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Small Explosive Crate
prefabs/dynamite.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Dynamite
prefabs/grenade.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Grenade
prefabs/c4.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/C4
prefabs/envelope.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Envelope
prefabs/present1.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Present Bomb (Orange)
prefabs/present2.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Present Bomb (Purple)
prefabs/present3.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Present Bomb (Cyan)
prefabs/present4.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Present Bomb (Pink)
prefabs/present5.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Present Bomb (Blue)
prefabs/present6.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Present Bomb (Black)
prefabs/present7.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Present Bomb (Red)
prefabs/present8.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Present Bomb (Light Blue)
prefabs/present9.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Present Bomb (White)
prefabs/present10.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Present Bomb (Magenta)
prefabs/present11.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Present Bomb (Lime)
prefabs/present12.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Present Bomb (Light Gray)
prefabs/present13.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Present Bomb (Yellow)
prefabs/present14.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Present Bomb (Brown)
prefabs/present15.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Present Bomb (Green)
prefabs/present16.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Present Bomb (Gray)
prefabs/molotov.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Molotov
prefabs/water_bottle.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Bottle Bomb
prefabs/toy_tank.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Toy Tank Bomb
prefabs/toy_boat.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Toy Boat Bomb
prefabs/shotgun_shell.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Shotgun Shell
prefabs/cartoon_bomb.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Cartoon Bomb
prefabs/pulse_bomb.xml: Bombsquad Small Bombs/Pulse Bomb

# Medium Bombs
prefabs/nitroglycerin.xml : Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Nictorglycerin
prefabs/liquid_container.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Explosive Container
prefabs/crate_medium.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Medium Explosive Crate
prefabs/dynamite_bundle.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Dynamite Bundle
prefabs/nitro_bundle.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Nitro Bundle
prefabs/oversized_grenade.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Oversized Grenade
prefabs/backpack1.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Backpack Bomb (Brown)
prefabs/backpack2.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Backpack Bomb (Gray)
prefabs/backpack3.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Backpack Bomb (Red)
prefabs/backpack4.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Backpack Bomb (Black)
prefabs/backpack5.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Backpack Bomb (Blue)
prefabs/backpack6.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Backpack Bomb (White)
prefabs/backpack7.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Backpack Bomb (Green)
prefabs/backpack8.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Backpack Bomb (Yellow)
prefabs/backpack9.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Backpack Bomb (Purple)
prefabs/backpack10.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Backpack Bomb (Orange)
prefabs/backpack11.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Backpack Bomb (Pink)
prefabs/backpack12.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Backpack Bomb (Light Blue)
prefabs/backpack13.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Backpack Bomb (Cyan)
prefabs/backpack14.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Backpack Bomb (Lime)
prefabs/backpack15.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Backpack Bomb (Light Gray)
prefabs/backpack16.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Backpack Bomb (Magenta)
prefabs/red_barrel.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Red Barrel
prefabs/bomb_bird.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Bomb Bird
prefabs/creeper.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Creeper
prefabs/rocket.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Rocket
prefabs/uranium_cell.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Uranium Cell
prefabs/gunpowder_barrel.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Gunpowder Barrel
prefabs/gas_can.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Gas Can
prefabs/tank_shell.xml: Bombsquad Medium Bombs/Tank Shell

# Large Bombs
prefabs/propane_tank.xml: Bombsquad Large Bombs/Propane Tank
prefabs/dynamite_crate.xml: Bombsquad Large Bombs/Dynamite Crate
prefabs/duffel_bag1.xml: Bombsquad Large Bombs/Duffel Bag Bomb (Red)
prefabs/duffel_bag2.xml: Bombsquad Large Bombs/Duffel Bag Bomb (Blue)
prefabs/duffel_bag3.xml: Bombsquad Large Bombs/Duffel Bag Bomb (Yellow)
prefabs/duffel_bag4.xml: Bombsquad Large Bombs/Duffel Bag Bomb (Green)
prefabs/duffel_bag5.xml: Bombsquad Large Bombs/Duffel Bag Bomb (Lime)
prefabs/duffel_bag6.xml: Bombsquad Large Bombs/Duffel Bag Bomb (Light Blue)
prefabs/duffel_bag7.xml: Bombsquad Large Bombs/Duffel Bag Bomb (Orange)
prefabs/duffel_bag8.xml: Bombsquad Large Bombs/Duffel Bag Bomb (Magenta)
prefabs/duffel_bag9.xml: Bombsquad Large Bombs/Duffel Bag Bomb (Pink)
prefabs/duffel_bag10.xml: Bombsquad Large Bombs/Duffel Bag Bomb (Purple)
prefabs/duffel_bag11.xml: Bombsquad Large Bombs/Duffel Bag Bomb (Cyan)
prefabs/duffel_bag12.xml: Bombsquad Large Bombs/Duffel Bag Bomb (White)
prefabs/duffel_bag13.xml: Bombsquad Large Bombs/Duffel Bag Bomb (Black)
prefabs/duffel_bag14.xml: Bombsquad Large Bombs/Duffel Bag Bomb (Brown)
prefabs/duffel_bag15.xml: Bombsquad Large Bombs/Duffel Bag Bomb (Gray)
prefabs/duffel_bag16.xml: Bombsquad Large Bombs/Duffel Bag Bomb (Light Gray)
prefabs/large_nitro_bomb.xml: Bombsquad Large Bombs/Large Nitro Bomb
prefabs/torpedo.xml: Bombsquad Large Bombs/Torpedo
prefabs/nuclear_reactor.xml: Bombsquad Large Bombs/Nuclear Reactor
prefabs/gunpowder_cart.xml: Bombsquad Large Bombs/Gunpowder Cart
prefabs/charged_creeper.xml: Bombsquad Large Bombs/Charged Creeper
prefabs/bob_omb.xml: Bombsquad Large Bombs/Bob-omb
prefabs/artillery_shell.xml: Bombsquad Large Bombs/Artillery Shell
prefabs/rip_tire.xml: Bombsquad Large Bombs/Rip-Tire

# Mega Bombs
prefabs/sea_mine.xml: Bombsquad Mega Bombs/Sea Mine
prefabs/icbm.xml: Bombsquad Mega Bombs/ICBM
prefabs/nuke.xml: Bombsquad Mega Bombs/Mini Nuke
prefabs/anti_matter_bomb.xml: Bombsquad Mega Bombs/Anti-Matter Bomb
prefabs/mega_nitro_bomb.xml: Bombsquad Mega Bombs/Mega Nitro Bomb
prefabs/tsar_bomba.xml: Bombsquad Mega Bombs/Tsar Bomba
prefabs/energy_sphere.xml: Bombsquad Mega Bombs/Energy Sphere
prefabs/xl_nuclear_reactor.xml: Bombsquad Mega Bombs/XL Nuclear Reactor
prefabs/battleship_shell.xml: Bombsquad Mega Bombs/Batleship Shell
prefabs/king_bob_omb.xml: Bombsquad Mega Bombs/King Bob-omb
prefabs/tokki.xml: Bombsquad Mega Bombs/Tokki (D.va's Mech)